# This is web (Spring Boot) application for eGovernment (vaccination records). This application is used by administrators and medical professionals. Login page is the first page, with the entry of a username and password (username is JMBG - Unique Citizens Identity Number). After logging in, both types of users come to the page for viewing all available vaccines. Within this display, administrators can purchase new quantities for each of the vaccines, where after entering the quantity (non-negative value) and confirmation (clicking on the button "Order vaccines") administrator is transferred back to display of all vaccines. The procurement of vaccines is realized as a change in quantity. Also, when purchase execute it changes the information about the last delivery permanently and that is displayed in the main table. Example: If there were 50 available on the AstraZeneca vaccine stock unit and the administrator orders another 100, the new balance in the table should be 150. 

# If the registered user is a medical worker, instead of the "Order vaccines" button, it is displayed the “Give vaccine” button. By clicking on the mentioned button, the amount of a certain type of vaccine is reduced by 1.

# On the home page (which is showing all vaccines), there is a button for adding a new vaccine, which is visible only to administrators. The vaccine addition is done via a separate page for adding new vaccines. Quantity is set to 0 and the date of the last purchase is set to now. Vaccine manufacturers are predefined. After adding a new vaccine, administrator is transferred back to display of all vaccines.
